XDFofA2L

All,

This file has been created to help people start looking through the DME data and maps.  This XDF was created by parsing the information contained within the A2L file and is a direct representation of that data.  The accompanying 52_508gal.bin file is the data file for this XDF.  The addresses do not match the A2L because this file is converted to be in “Galleto Format” meaning it has the slave chip first in the file, then the master chip.  This format has become the standard way to share data files.  Currently we do not have a full dump for this version so if you have one let us know!!

This file is very useful for creating XDF files as you can just copy an item, change the address, and you have all the scaling and definition information there for you already.

Update:  There are now 2 versions.  One with A2L addressing: [Master Slave], and one with "Galleto" Addressing [Slave Master].

Post any comments or questions to the group!
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/xdfproject
email me if you don’t have access.

tap

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


General Agreement:

Buy Participating in this XDF beta you agree to not distribute these files you have received without agreement from the creator.  If you know someone that wants to be part of the XDF development process you must refer them to xdfproject@gmail.com rather than share your files with them at this time.  They will freely distributable and free in the future, but as of this moment they are not.  The files you have been given have been made specifically for you.  If you post it, it will be obvious!! :)  Let’s all work together and agree to post them as a group when they are ready!!

Thanks!

tap


General disclaimer:

WARNING: These definition files are created as the result of the extremely complex and time consuming process of reverse-engineering the factory ECU. Because of this complexity, it is necessary to make certain assumptions and, therefore, it is impossible to always deal in absolutes in regards to representations made by these definitions. In addition, due to this complexity and the numerous variations among different ECUs, it is also impossible to guarantee that the definitions will not contain errors or other bugs. What this all means is that there is the potential for bugs, errors and misrepresentations which can result in damage to your motor, your ECU as well the possibility of causing your vehicle to behave unexpectedly on the road, increasing the risk of death or injury. Modifications to your vehicle's ECU may also be in violation of local, state and federal laws. By using these definition files, either directly or indirectly, you agree to assume 100% of all risk and creators of and contributors to these definitions shall not be held responsible for any damages or injuries you receive. This product is for advanced users only. There are no safeguards in place when tuning with TunerPro or any of these tools. As such, the potential for serious damage and injury still exists, even if the user does not experience any bugs or errors. As always, use at your own risk.  These definitions are created for FREE without any sort of guarantee. The developers cannot be held liable for any damage or injury incurred as a result of these definitions. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Do not hand edit or distribute for financial gain.  These definitions are provided free by xdfproject@gmail.com for the BMW community.
